## How to use the Test Table

### Signal Radix Format
`1'b` is a 1-bit binary number (i.e. 0 or 1).
Similarly, `16'b` is a 16-bit binary number.
You can also specify a hexadecimal number: `16'h` represents a 16-bit hex number (e.g. `BEEF`).
Decimal numbers can be specified explicitly with `d`, e.g. `16'd`, but simply writing `16` will work fine.

### Notes column
The notes column can be used to describe the scenario being tested.
When specified, it will appear as a comment in the generated testbench code.
It is not a required field.

### Sequential Logic Components
##### The Clock Signal
The testbench HDL includes a clock (Signal: `CLK`), with a default period of 20ns (50 Mhz).
##### The Reset Signal
The reset signal (Signal: `RST`) is initially asserted, deasserting after `0.2 * period` after the first active clock edge.

### Delay Values
The delay value is the number of periods to wait for, following the application of the test input signals, before asserting the validity of the output signals. Integer values can be specified, which will cause an N period delay, ending 0.2 periods after the active clock edge. This is due to the initial assertion of the reset signal for 0.2 periods, causing an offset. Real numbers can also be entered, e.g. 0.2, which will result in the delay ending 0.4 periods after the active clock edge (0.2 for `RST` and 0.2 for the delay).

### Editing the test table template
The test table template generated by HDLGen-ChatGPT can be copied and pasted into Excel (or any other spreadsheet editor). When copied into a spreadsheet editor, you may have to set the cells to "Text" mode to prevent leading zeros from being truncated by Excel.

Once the test table template has been completed, it can be copied from the spreadsheet editor and pasted back into the textbox which appears after entering "Edit Testplan".

The template is generated by HDLGen-ChatGPT when the "Test Plan" tab is entered for the first time. To prevent overwriting any completed test plan work, the test plan template must be reset manually any time a signal is added or removed (Alternatively, signal columns can be added or removed from the testplan by hand, provided the testplan format is followed).

The test table is a tab-separated table with each table row terminated by a newline character.